I am doing well and How are you doing?

Good to hear.

Suite yourself.

Have fun!

Happy to help!

Any time!

My pleasure.

Do enjoy the game.

Have fun on tennis court!

I can guide you through how to get started with your career.

I know quiet some things about career selection, choices, scope and many more.

I know some of the most selected fields like science and humanities, engineering and performing arts to mention a few.

Ask me a question about career choices and I will answer to the best of my knowledge.

The top career paths are Science, Maths, Engineering, Life science, Business, Architecture, Accounting, Law and performing arts.

The general sub streams in science are biology, physics, chemistry, computer science, biochemistry, biophysics, agriculture, environmental 
science, hospitality, animation and many more.

The general sub streams in arts are visual communication, journalism, interior design, english literature, psychology, sociology, foreign languages and many more.

The general sub streams in commerce are accounting, economics, finance, information science, human resource, management, tourism and many more.

The top commerce career options are chartered accountant, investment banker, cost accountant, financial advisor, company secretary and research analyst.

The job oppurtunities in civil services are IAS, IPS, IFS, audit and accounting, postal service, armed forces section officer, corporate law service and many more.

The branches in engineering are computer science, biotechnology, electronics and communication, chemical, civil, aerospace, electric and electronics, bioinformatics and many more.

Your results will be displayed in a detailed manner once you take the test. It will have a list of all the possible career choices you have an aptitude for, branches and job oppurtunities in the same.

It's never too late to change your career if you do not see yourself thriving in that field. Taking our career guidance test would help you streamline your choices and make the right decision.

The results will be followed by contacts of a few experts in the field of psychology. You can contact them for further support.

The test comprises of forty multiple choice questions which include questions based on general aptitude, analytical and logical reasoning, area of interest and personality.

Yes, you can switch streams despite picking the one you thought was right. It's never too late. Take our personality test to find out what your strengths are and choose the stream you love!

It's not necessary for you to spend more time in order to succeed in your choice of career if you are interested and have positive attitude towards learning.

The only way to choose a job with no dead-end is to start off with a wide spectrum of choices.

After finishing your 10th class, one has to choose between PCM, PCB, Arts or Commerce for further studies.

Polytechnic courses are short term technical courses that make you job-ready and help you seek employment within a short period of 3 years, 2 years and 1 year. You can opt for courses in Mechanical, Civil, Computer, Textile Technology, Automobile Engineering, etc and the 3-year diploma course in Engineering gets you a lateral entry in the 2nd year of B.E/B.Tech.  

The Paramedical branch is allied to the healthcare sector and offers good opportunities to become an X-Ray Technician, Dialysis Technician, Nursing Assistance, Ophthalmic Technician, etc.

Vocational courses are designed to provide specific skills and training for various professions such as plumbing, carpentry, electrician, nursing, etc. These courses are typically practical-oriented and can lead to employment opportunities directly after completion.

The various streams in 12th class are PCM, PCB, Arts and Commerce. 

The top career options after 12th class in PCM are BTech/Engineering, Architecture, National Defence Services and Bachelor of Science.

The top career options after 12th class in PCB are MBBS, BDS, BHMS (Homeopathy), BPT (Physiotherapy), Genetics, Nursing and Forensic Sciences.

The top career options after 12th class in Arts are BA, Fashion Design, Graphic Design and Mass Media.
 
The top career options after 12th class in Commerce are B Com, Bachelor of Management Studies, BBA and Chartered Accountancy.

For personalsied questions, suggest you to take the personality test.

Job opportunities after graduating from computer science engineering (CSE) are Big Data Engineer Machine Learning Engineer, Data Scientist, Software Developer, Computer Network Architect, Computer Systems Analyst, Database Administrator, Information Security Analyst, Full Stack Developer, etc.

Job opportunities after graduating from electronics and communication engineering (ECE) are Electronics Engineer, Telecommunications Engineer, Network Engineer, Embedded Systems Engineer, Control Systems Engineer, VLSI Design Engineer, etc.

Job opportunities after graduating from electrical and electronics engineering (EEE) are Electronics Engineer, Control and instrumentation Engineer, Electrical Engineer, System Analyst, System Developer, Network Engineer, etc.

Job opportunities after graduating from mechanical engineering are Mining Engineer, Aerospace Engineer, Mechanical Engineer, Automotive Engineer, Maintenance Engineer, CAD Technician, Nuclear Engineer, Control and Instrumentation Engineer, etc.

Job opportunities after graduating from chemical engineering are Chemical Plant and System Operator, Analytical Chemist, Pharmaceutical Manufacturer, Chemical Process Engineer, Manufacturing Production Engineer, Food Chemists, Petrochemical Engineer, Nuclear Engineer, etc.

Job opportunities after graduating from metallurgical engineering (metallurgy) are R&D Engineer, Materials Engineer, Metallurgist, Product Engineer, Process Engineer, Environmental Engineer, Metallurgical Engineer, Project Engineer, etc.

Job opportunities after graduating from civil engineering are Civil Engineer, Site Engineer, Design Engineer, Structural Engineer, Consulting Engineer, Transportation Engineer, Project Engineer, Surveyor, etc.

Job opportunities after graduating from B.Arch (Architecture) are Graphic Designer, Interior Designer, Computer Aided Design (CAD) Designer, Architectural Drafter, Restoration Manager, Architectural Technologist, Landscape Architect, Urban Planner, etc.